hi ladies this is Amanda independent
director with thirty-one gifts and today
I wanted to talk to you about some
exclusive products that we're gonna have
with our April special this product is
our all pro tote we're gonna have the
all pro tote and the all pro duffel bag
both on sale this April 25 dollars with
every 35 dollars you spend that's just
25 bucks it's a great add-on this bag
actually retails for 80 as does the
duffel bag and I have to tell you it's
completely new to the catalog you can't
even get it in our catalog it's a new
product for thirty-one and I am so in
love with it from the moment I've gotten
it I've used it over and over and over
again and I just love it I'll show you a
couple of features here on the side you
have a mesh pocket where you can stick
your water bottle you also have that
little lobster-claw that hangs down
there so that you can put a long
shoulder strap on that is optional
available for $10 in the front here
you'll see this little pouch area you
can put a towel through there or you can
put a yoga mat through there or you can
take take that out and it would just sit
flat against the bag it's really kind of
a nice feature on the side you'll see
there's another zippered area and that
is where you can store your tennis shoes
separately from all the rest of the
things in your bag so it's kept
completely separate you don't have to
worry about any of the dirt from your
shoes or anything like that getting on
your clothes or anything that you have
inside the bag on the back side of the
bag which I will show you later on there
is a full pocket so that you can stick
magazines or anything you would like in
there lots of lots of room you'll see
that it has these great shoulder straps
here two webbed shoulder straps shoulder
straps and then in addition I'm gonna
get a close up here and see if you guys
can tell it's some kind of this nylon
material so it's going to be easily
wiped clean so great for all kinds of
activities fitness going to the gym swim
dance yoga you can even use this for
like just a bag traveling to the beach
or traveling on vacation and make a
really cool carry-on very roomy and lots
of compartments on the inside there are
two mesh pockets and then one flat
pocket and then a very cool feature
where you can actually attach your
jewelry so that you don't have to go
rummaging around your bag to try to find
them so in the next pictures I'm going
to show you up close some of the
features of the Otpor tote and the
all-pro duffel I hope you guys love this
bag as much as I do because I'm telling
you that it's available in several
different colors and four colors
actually or four pattern options and I
kind of want to get it in every single
one anyway so let me know if you guys
have any questions and I hope you enjoy
this video